up next from uneven Beach California the
co lawyer in Valerie's warden of course
synonymous with destroyed limbs
bodybuilding
or mr. America four times the three
universe and five times of the time
his wife Valerie is in the content would
have been actually was amazing in the
year
something that they really share as a
married couple
the whole nature idea of Paris
competitions had really taken
sport of bodybuilding many men have
given up the individual contest just to
compete in affairs for one of the most
serious competitors who said that he
wasn't can even get a single anymore but
actually he has 20
Lauren Valerie look very synchronized
and before the conversation I asked
lawyer how they prepare this is an
interesting question but I look upon the
couples competition in the realm of at
least in bodybuilding only thing you can
actually compare it to what he say
perhaps Paris pig escape so we tried to
design a routine that not only showed
off the development of our bodies
but a very graceful style in combination
with that
whereas figure-skating analogies an
interesting one because in fact I can't
think of another sport besides these two
that really is developing now hoping in
terms of grades but also selection of
music is important for a couple to be
able to choreograph a routine music
another California